chore: document GITHUB_TOKEN requirement (#2347)
updatecli/website: content/en/docs/automate/github_action.adoc

The easiest one is the GITHUB_TOKEN which comes with two major limitations:

1. For security reason, GitHub prevents to trigger GitHub action workflow from pullrequest created with a GITHUB_TOKEN, more information https://docs.github.com/en/actions/how-tos/write-workflows/choose-when-workflows-run/trigger-a-workflow#triggering-a-workflow-from-a-workflow[**here**]. This means that a pullrequest recreated this way won't trigger any test.
2. GITHUB_TOKEN has the lower API request limit 1000 requests per hour as explained https://docs.github.com/en/rest/using-the-rest-api/rate-limits-for-the-rest-api?apiVersion=2022-11-28#primary-rate-limit-for-github_token-in-github-actions[**here**]

> IMPORTANT: By default the GITHUB_TOKEN is not allowed to open pullrequest. You first need to configure the default GITHUB_TOKEN permission for your repository. More information https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#configuring-the-default-github_token-permissions[**here**]

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I update the link with yours

> IMPORTANT: By default the GITHUB_TOKEN is not allowed to open pullrequest. You first need to configure the default GITHUB_TOKEN permission for your repository. More information https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#configuring-the-default-github_token-permissions[**here**]

Author: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: By default the GITHUB_TOKEN is not allowed to open pullrequest. You first need to configure the default GITHUB_TOKEN permission for your repository. More information https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#preventing-github-actions-from-creating-or-approving-pull-requests[**here**]
```
